Hello this is Kirill from forexboat dot com.
And welcome back to the course on testing and optimization in meditator for today's tutorial.
We will look at the results of all live real tests that we run for the simple system.
Expert adviser so in front of me here I've got the terminal that we were running this test in and as
I recall we had five or three expert advisers running at the same time.
These were all simple system but with different sets.
So I'll just ring up the calendar to show you what day it is today.
It's the 6th of October 2014.
And as you remember we started this real test on the 22nd of September.
So that means that it has been running for two full weeks.
Also you can see that I've disabled all the training and I did that as soon as the final Friday trays
for last week were closed.
So before we jump to the overall result let's make sure that we look at the whole of the history so
we click on history.
And now we're going to drag.
I've opened another chart here before an expert wise and we're going to drag all of our trade.
So drag one trade click shift and drag it onto the chart.
Actually you need to click shift before you start dragging shift and then drag that trade onto the chart
.
So we've got the trades here and I just wanted to share that for a live real account.
This is something that you might want to do.
You might want to analyze your trades in this kind of way because it kind of it also shows you more
than you can see just from looking at the line items in your account history.
So here you've got some sell orders.
One was profitable.
Two were losses.
On the next day we had to sell orders that were profitable one buy order which was a loss.
But from here you can see that it could have been profitable if maybe this buy order had a larger stop
loss.
So as you can see the price just Tasha's Stop-Loss and went up it could have been a profitable buy or
to potentially.
So maybe you might want to consider for this particular set which had Laud's 0.0 to maybe increasing
the stop loss.
Maybe not but that's something that you can see from this kind of analysis and so on you can go through
the days and see exactly what kind of trades were conducted.
It's always interesting to see what was going on on your column during this two week real test.
So now let's have a look at the trades in our current history and see what we can see there.
Right now they're sorted by size I'm just going to sort them by order number as they are normally and
right away we'll go to the bottom and see what the result was.
As you can see here happy news $533 and seventy four cents on the count at the end of two weeks.
And that is that is a great result.
We started with $500 and that means these three systems in combination create a profit of thirty three
dollars and seventy four cents just in two weeks.
That doesn't sound like a lot but let me put that into perspective.
That is six point seventy five percent profit in just two weeks in annual terms that means 175 percent
profit which is an incredible result.
I know that we're not looking for profit.
Not looking to make money in this particular instance we're trying to evaluate the performance of our
systems on real market conditions.
But nevertheless that's $33 and certainly for a sense that I'm going to be putting into my pocket at
the end of this test and it's an amazing feeling.
It's a great feeling to earn profits from the fork's market before even doing anything like for those
two weeks.
I wasn't even looking at this term and only maybe once a week to create this report.
That's a great result.
And more importantly it's because we created this system of our own hands and we can you know we can
make money from it.
So I always great get this disaster feeling when I see things like this.
So now let's have a look at the trades and see what we can tell about these three separate sets that
we launched.
So I'm just going to go to the top and I'm going to increase.
I'm going to increase the size of this terminal window at the bottom so we can see a bit more.
And so what we want to focus on is the sets separately.
We want to look at them individually.
Right now there is a mix.
But as you remember I have this method of setting different size lot sizes for different sets or different
expert Wise's when I run the test simultaneously.
And this is because it doesn't really affect the amount of money you're going to gain or lose because
we're not .. and we're not looking for that we're not trying to make a lot of money on this small account
we're trying to evaluate the system but setting different sizes allows you to very quickly sort your
results so just by clicking on this header over here.
The size there are you can see that I've sorted my trades by size and at the top right away I have all
these zero points or one lot trades which are associated with the simple system our equals five set
.
And also I'll remind you that in our demo test the hours were one less always because there is a time
difference in the time zones that this broker is located in and the broker was located.
So in our Dema said this was our equals four said the one that was on the bottom left corner.
No because we don't have that many trades we can just simply do it visually we can analyze these trades
right here.
So we all we have to do is kind of like in our head and up and see if this particular set was profitable
.
And right away you can see like this trade is covered by this trade.
So all together they are approximately zero.
This is a profitable trade.
And then we got form a for profit all trades in total and two losses so maybe these two together cover
a profit or two profitable trade.
So in total this system had created maybe a profit of over $10 which is good.
So that tells us that this this particular set was profitable on this account and for that for us at
this stage this is sufficient to say yes this is potentially something that we would want to explore
further and take to a large scale real account.
So we've already seen the demo test back to us the forward tests and now we can see that on a small
real account it is performing well.
So most likely the performance that we've seen on the demo count will can be extrapolated onto a real
real account conditions.
So now let's move onto the 0.02 lots that were always 9 in the Demel test that was our this is our turn
in the demo test our was 9 that's the top right one.
And as you remember that's the one that had short stop losses but very high tech profits.
And the same we can see here.
So there's this large profit and then this small profit because that's what that was when the trade
timed out.
And then we've got quite a few losses so in total it looks like there are more losses on the second
so we've got 1 2 3 4 5.
So there are some in here 1 2 3 4 5 5 loss of about $6 each That's minus 30 dollars and we only have
$23 profit.
So once again the trend continues the behavior continues and this is something we saw on the demo tests
that we're not very comfortable.
Personally I'm not very comfortable waiting for this large profitable trade to cover the losses.
And in this particular instance it so happened that in two weeks the said wasn't able to cover its losses
with profitable trades because it only had one.
So this is something that personally I wouldn't consider taking further into real large scale real account
because it's it's quite still quite an unstable set.
And I'm not very I'm not comfortable at all putting this letting this set trade with my real money or
even more so in investors real money.
So at this stage I would just stop evaluating this set and not take it further to a large scale real
account.
And finally let's look at the point 0 3 loss that's where simple the hour was nine.
A simple system set who are nine and as you remember in our test that was our 8 that was the one at
the bottom right which had an outstanding performance win or most of the trades were just profitable
trades.
And here we can see the same thing a lot of profitable trades one loss and a lot of profitable trades
.
And even in the last week we didn't see that loss on the Friday when non-farm payroll and unemployment
came out.
And that's that's I think that's just lucky.
That's because there may be a discrepancy of quotations between this broker and the demo broker and
we did see that last in the demo but not here.
So.
Well that's just luck of the draw in this case.
And that's good for us.
We did see this some last trade which we which happened on the 25th of September regencies and demo
accounts and that's once again a discrepancy between like the live quotations and the demo quotations
on the broker different brokers.
So you will find these variations in results but in general you can see that this said is very profitable
.
It is just smashing and just all these profitable trades.
And I think it coward covered up even for this other set that was creating a loss in their columns and
that's mostly because of this set with 1 0 3 loss.
That's where most of our profit came from.
And so this is something that we would definitely consider taking to a real account of large scale real
count.
And finally at the end of this trial we're going to just look at a detailed report.
So Cook save a detailed report select a name for a report on that on that was an old one.
I shall leave it.
But I'll just change the date.
So what is it today ten of six of the 10th.
So that and this brings up in detail the report in HMO form which is very convenient for analysis.
As you can see it's got an extra line here because of our comment.
So if you're not happy with that just uncheck comment in the results and you won't see this this line
over here but now scrolling down all we want to look at right now is the chart.
So that's our total chart for this system.
As you can see at the start it wasn't doing very well the first 12 tries but then it just skyrocketed
and the profit factor is one point sixty six.
Yes which is just above the one point recommended 1.6 meaning that this even in in combination even
when you have all three working it is considered a stable system.
Now imagine what will happen if you take out that unprofitable set zero point zero or two on the take
profit will skyrocket as well and expected payoff is one point forty seven dollars net profit per trade
which is quite good for a small account like this and a maximal drawdown is only two point fifty nine
percent which is which is great as well.
So that's how you analyze a live real test.
And in the next tutorial We'll wrap up this section by talking a little bit more generally about these
kind of demo tests and live real tests on small counts.
So I look for you then and until next time have training.